how-to/deploy, upgrade: update ansible-related deploy/upgrade docs (#1450)
pingcap/docs: v3.0/how-to/upgrade/from-previous-version.md

If you have previously customized the configuration file of TiDB cluster components, refer to the backup file to modify the corresponding configuration file in `/home/tidb/tidb-ansible/conf`.

> **Note for the following parameter changes:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note the following parameter changes:**
```

- In TiKV configuration, `end-point-concurrency` is changed to three parameters: `high-concurrency`, `normal-concurrency` and `low-concurrency`.

    ```yaml
    readpool:

>     coprocessor:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      coprocessor:
```

> **Note:**
>

> > To optimize operation and maintenance management over components of TiDB cluster, there are some adjustments to `PD service` under `systemd` in TiDB 3.0. If the current version is earlier than TiDB 3.0 versions, the rolling update of TiDB cluster components to the 3.0 versions is slightly different. Please make sure that the `process_supervision` parameter remains consistent before and after the upgrade.

Reviewer: Please also update `dev/how-to/upgrade/from-previous-version.md` accordingly.

Author: `dev/how-to/upgrade/from-previous-version.md` only provide two links. There is no such content in it.

Reviewer: Update that file according to changes [here](https://github.com/pingcap/docs-cn/pull/1574/files).

> > To optimize operation and maintenance management over components of TiDB cluster, there are some adjustments to `PD service` under `systemd` in TiDB 3.0. If the current version is earlier than TiDB 3.0 versions, the rolling update of TiDB cluster components to the 3.0 versions is slightly different. Please make sure that the `process_supervision` parameter remains consistent before and after the upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To optimize operation and maintenance management over components of TiDB cluster, there are some adjustments to `PD service` under `systemd` in TiDB 3.0. If the current version is earlier than TiDB 3.0.0, the rolling update of TiDB cluster components to the 3.0 versions is slightly different. Please make sure that the `process_supervision` parameter remains consistent before and after the upgrade.
```

- If the default `systemd` parameter is used by the `process_supervision` variable,perform rolling update on the TiDB cluster using  `excessive_rolling_update.yml`.

    ```shell
    $ ansible-playbook excessive_rolling_update.yml
    ```

    > **Note:**
    >

>     > If the current version is later than TiDB 3.0 versions, then you can still use the `rolling_update.yml` approach to rolling-update and rolling-restart the TiDB cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > If the current version is TiDB 3.0.0 or is later than TiDB 3.0.0, you can still use the `rolling_update.yml` approach to rolling-update and rolling-restart the TiDB cluster.
```

Reviewer: @superlzs0476 Is this what you mean in https://github.com/pingcap/docs-cn/pull/1677?
